Sometimes I wish I was a cloud... Just floating along, going wherever the breeze takes me.

It's not because I'm lazy, it's just because I don't care.

Laziness is the mother of all bad habits, but ultimately she is a mother and we should respect her.

Those Who Do Not Understand True Pain Can Never Understand True Peace.

If you don’t share someone’s pain, you can never understand them.

Those Who Break The Rules Are Scum... But, Those Who Abandon Their Friends Are Worse Than Scum.

The concept of hope is nothing more than giving up. A word that holds no true meaning.

Wake up to reality! Nothing ever goes as planned in this world. The longer you live, the more you realize that in this reality only pain, suffering and futility exist.

Rejection is a part of any man’s life. If you can’t accept and move past rejection, or at least use it as writing material – you’re not a real man.

I love a women, but I will not force her to love me....I will surround her with my love , while I pray for her happiness.

A smile is the best way to get oneself out of a tight spot, even if it is a fake one. Surprisingly enough, everyone takes it at face value

Knowledge and awareness are vague, and perhaps better called illusions. Everyone lives within their own subjective interpretation.

It is not wise to judge others based on your own preconceptions and by their appearances.

Learning is a another name of vanity, It is the effort of human beings not to be human beings.

People Exist To Save Themselves. You Will Understand That At The Moment Of Your Death.

No One Can Fully Grasp Another Person's Deepest Emotions. It's Impossible. Only You Can Understand What You're Feeling. But Generally Speaking, I Can Tell You This. Most People Tend To Cry When Their Father Dies.

Tell me dazai why is it you wish to die? Let’s turn that question around , is there really any value to this thing we call living?

People become stronger because they have memories they can’t forget.

Why should I apologize for being a monster? Has anyone ever apologized for turning me into one?

We don’t have to know what tomorrow holds! That’s why we can live for everything we’re worth today!”

It’s just pathetic to give up on something before you even give it a shot.”

If you don’t like your destiny, don’t accept it.

A place where someone still thinks about you is a place you can call home.

Power comes in response to a need, not a desire. You have to create that need.

Don’t beg for things. Do it yourself, or else you won’t get anything.

Everything has a beginning and an end. Life is just a cycle of starts and stops.

Even the way I love you smells like you

Appearance doesn't matter at all

That little flashback at night, Always hurts.

I love your eyes but I Love my eyes more because without mines I can't see yours.

I love listening to lies, when I know the truth.

I am bored of being bored, because being bored is very boring.

I'm willing to admit that I wasn't always right!

Explaining the feelings to those who don't even care about those.

Okay, obsession is kinda cute until you fell head over heel.

Sometimes being introverted is the, best way to enjoy yourselves.

Nobody is coming to save you. -Save yourself.

I don't know who needs to hear this, but you don't always have to tell your side of the story. Time will.

They calling me dramatic, so I stopped telling them what I truly feel.

It hurts a lot when you trust someone blindly and that someone proves that you are actually blind.

Sometimes people are beautiful. -Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.

Some days I just need someone to remind me I exist that I am knowable, see able, loveable.

In the end all I learned was how to love somebody, even if you can't be with them.

Don't force someone to make time for you, If they really want too, they will.

Teach your heart to accept disappointments, even from people you love.

If you cannot decide, then answer is no.

The Difference between I like you and I love you is when you like a flower you simply pluck it. But when you love a flower you water it every day.

Time doesn't heal anything; it just teaches us how to live with pain.

In a sense, I'm the one who ruined me: I did it myself.

I hate when people know the whole thing and still keep repeating the same mistake

Be careful who you trust soldier, People you know can hurt you the most.

In the End, promises are just words.

If eyes could talk mine would be the saddest story.

Can I ask you a question? -How would it make you feel, if you never saw me again.

I will never forget how she made me..... feel lonely even when she knew she's the only one I have.

Caring can be a curse.

you have to find the right distance between people. Too close, and they overwhelm you, too far and they abandon you.

From ignoring everyone else just to be available to one, To being available to everyone else just to forget the one. -We learned a lot.

I need a break from my own thoughts.

I've improved, I don't cry anymore, I don't call your name anymore. I wonder if you are proud of me, I still miss you but, It's fine, I'll wait, I'll do better.

Sometimes it's hard to explain what you feel inside.

Please tell me how to delete feelings

IT'S ME, HI, I'M THE PROBLEM, IT'S ME.

no one knows how much i cried that day.

faking a smile is easier than explaining why you're sad.

To much in mind but nothing to say.

Alcohol is cool but have you ever had someone care about you? Me neither, pass the bottle.

The art of letting go -i think I have mastered this art.